Rk -- Rank
This is a count of the rows from top to bottom.
It is recalculated following the sorting of a column.
Nation -- Nationality of the player.
First, we check our records in international play at senior level.
Then youth level.
Then citizenship presented on wikipedia.
Finally, we use their birthplace when available.
Pos -- Position
Position most commonly played by the player
GK - Goalkeepers
DF - Defenders
MF - Midfielders
FW - Forwards
FB - Fullbacks
LB - Left Backs
RB - Right Backs
CB - Center Backs
DM - Defensive Midfielders
CM - Central Midfielders
LM - Left Midfielders
RM - Right Midfielders
WM - Wide Midfielders
LW - Left Wingers
RW - Right Wingers
AM - Attacking Midfielders
Age -- Current age
Age at season start
Given on August 1 for winter leagues
and February 1 for summer leagues.
Born -- Year of birth
90s -- 90s Played
90s played
Minutes played divided by 90
Touches
Touches -- Number of times a player touched the ball. Note: Receiving a pass, then dribbling, then sending a pass counts as one touch
Def Pen -- Touches (Def Pen)
Touches in defensive penalty area
Def 3rd -- Touches (Def 3rd)
Touches in defensive 1/3
Mid 3rd -- Touches (Mid 3rd)
Touches in middle 1/3
Att 3rd -- Touches (Att 3rd)
Touches in attacking 1/3
Att Pen -- Touches (Att Pen)
Touches in attacking penalty area
Live -- Touches (Live-Ball)
Live-ball touches. Does not include corner kicks, free kicks, throw-ins, kick-offs, goal kicks or penalty kicks
Take-Ons
Att -- Take-Ons Attempted
Number of attempts to take on defenders while dribbling
Succ -- Successful Take-Ons
Number of defenders taken on successfully, by dribbling past them
Unsuccessful take-ons include attempts where the dribbler retained possession but was unable to get past the defender
Succ% -- Successful Take-On %
Percentage of Take-Ons Completed Successfully
Unsuccessful take-ons include attempts where the dribbler retained possession but was unable to get past the defender
Minimum .5 take-ons per squad game to qualify as a leader
Tkld -- Times Tackled During Take-On
Number of times tackled by a defender during a take-on attempt
Tkld% -- Tackled During Take-On Percentage
Percentage of time tackled by a defender during a take-on attempt
Minimum .5 take-ons per squad game to qualify as a leader
Carries
Carries -- Number of times the player controlled the ball with their feet
TotDist -- Total Carrying Distance
Total distance, in yards, a player moved the ball while controlling it with their feet, in any direction
PrgDist -- Progressive Carrying Distance
Progressive Distance
Total distance, in yards, a player moved the ball while controlling it with their feet towards the opponent's goal
PrgC -- Progressive Carries
Carries that move the ball towards the opponent's goal line at least 10 yards from its furthest point in the last six passes, or any carry into the penalty area. Excludes carries which end in the defending 50% of the pitch
1/3 -- Carries into Final Third
Carries that enter the 1/3 of the pitch closest to the goal
CPA -- Carries into Penalty Area
Carries into the 18-yard box
Mis -- Miscontrols
Number of times a player failed when attempting to gain control of a ball
Dis -- Dispossessed
Number of times a player loses control of the ball after being tackled by an opposing player. Does not include attempted take-ons
Receiving
Rec -- Passes Received
Number of times a player successfully received a pass
PrgR -- Progressive Passes Rec
Progressive Passes Received
Completed passes that move the ball towards the opponent's goal line at least 10 yards from its furthest point in the last six passes, or any completed pass into the penalty area. Excludes passes from the defending 40% of the pitch