Rk -- Rank
This is a count of the rows from top to bottom.
It is recalculated following the sorting of a column.
Nation -- Nationality of the player.
First, we check our records in international play at senior level.
Then youth level.
Then citizenship presented on wikipedia.
Finally, we use their birthplace when available.
Pos -- Position
Position most commonly played by the player
GK - Goalkeepers
DF - Defenders
MF - Midfielders
FW - Forwards
FB - Fullbacks
LB - Left Backs
RB - Right Backs
CB - Center Backs
DM - Defensive Midfielders
CM - Central Midfielders
LM - Left Midfielders
RM - Right Midfielders
WM - Wide Midfielders
LW - Left Wingers
RW - Right Wingers
AM - Attacking Midfielders
Age -- Current age
Age at season start
Given on August 1 for winter leagues
and February 1 for summer leagues.
Born -- Year of birth
90s -- 90s Played
90s played
Minutes played divided by 90
SCA
SCA -- Shot-Creating Actions
Shot-Creating Actions
The two offensive actions directly leading to a shot, such as passes, take-ons and drawing fouls. Note: A single player can receive credit for multiple actions and the shot-taker can also receive credit.
SCA90 -- Shot-Creating Actions/90
Shot-Creating Actions per 90 minutes
Minimum 30 minutes played per squad game to qualify as a leader
SCA Types
PassLive -- SCA (PassLive)
Completed live-ball passes that lead to a shot attempt
PassDead -- SCA (PassDead)
Completed dead-ball passes that lead to a shot attempt.
Includes free kicks, corner kicks, kick offs, throw-ins and goal kicks
TO -- SCA (TO)
Successful take-ons that lead to a shot attempt
Sh -- SCA (Sh)
Shots that lead to another shot attempt
Fld -- SCA (Fld)
Fouls drawn that lead to a shot attempt
Def -- SCA (Def)
Defensive actions that lead to a shot attempt
GCA
GCA -- Goal-Creating Actions
Goal-Creating Actions
The two offensive actions directly leading to a goal, such as passes, take-ons and drawing fouls. Note: A single player can receive credit for multiple actions and the shot-taker can also receive credit.
GCA90 -- Goal-Creating Actions/90
Goal-Creating Actions per 90 minutes
Minimum 30 minutes played per squad game to qualify as a leader
GCA Types
PassLive -- GCA (PassLive)
Completed live-ball passes that lead to a goal
PassDead -- GCA (PassDead)
Completed dead-ball passes that lead to a goal. Includes free kicks, corner kicks, kick offs, throw-ins and goal kicks
TO -- GCA (TO)
Successful take-ons that lead to a goal
Sh -- GCA (Sh)
Shots that lead to another goal-scoring shot
Fld -- GCA (Fld)
Fouls drawn that lead to a goal
Def -- GCA (Def)
Defensive actions that lead to a goal